Documentation for a Traffic Light System with Pedestrian Cross Button. 

The system was designed using the Arduino Uno Micro-Controller board, which is composed of: 
1. USB Connector (Which can also be used to supply 5V power to the board). 
2. Power Port (Which is used as the primary power supply to the board) 
3. Microcontroller
4. Analog input pins 
5. Digital Pins
6. Reset Switch
7. Crystal Oscillator
8. USB interface Chip, and much more. 

Steps involved in realizing the Traffic Light System with Pedestrian Cross Button includes: 

Step 1: The UML Class Diagram
By first drawing the Class Diagram it enabled us to identify the various classes that are in the system and the various relationships between the classes.
The classes include the following;
1. TLS
2. Traffic_Light
3. Pedestrain_Light
4. CrossButton
5. Green
6. Red
7. Yellow

Step 2: The UML State Machine Diagram
This enabled us to be able to visualize the various states that the device can be in at every given time. 
The various states include; 
1. Traffic_Yellow_Pedesterian_Red
2. Traffic_Red_Pedestrain_Green
3. Traffic_Red_Yellow_Pedestrian_Red
4. Traffic_Green_Pedestrain_Red
The process continues in an infinity loop. 

Step 3: The Circuit Diagram
After completion of the UML diagram, the next thing is to draw the circuit diagram according to the various specifications.
The items used for the realization of the Circuit includes the following; 
1. 5pcs of 200 Ohms resistor (Calculations for the resistor below)
2. 1 pc of 10K Ohms resistor
3. 2 pcs of Red Led 
4. 2 pcs of Green Led
5. 1 pc of Yellow Led
6. 5V power source 
7. Push Button 
8. Arduino UNO 3 Microcontroller 
9. Wires for the connections

Resistor calculation:
According to the Datasheet for 5mm LED, the Continues Forward Current for the diode is 25mA
The voltage for this project is 5v (Arduino DC voltage)

With these values and Ohm’s law:
R = v/i
R = 5/0.025
R = 200 ohms
To prevent damaging the LEDs for a high current flow we decided to use 220 ohms resistors. boolean 

Step 4: Pin Configurations
The Arduino input pins that would be used for the Microcontroller are selected at this stage. The following pins were used; 

Push_Button: 
Input: PIN 13

Traffic_Light: 
Green - Output: PIN 8
Yellow - Output: PIN 9
Red - Output: PIN 10

Pedestrian: 
Green - Output: PIN 11
Green - Output: PIN 12

Step 5: Programming
Based on the availabilities of all the parameters above, a code would be written and uploaded to the Arduino Microcontroller for the realization of the Traffic Light System. 

The program is written with C++ 

Step 6: Realisation of the Traffic Light System. 
The physical system is then realized as is in the "Circuit diagram", pin configuration, and then the program has then uploaded the Microcontroller. 

A virtual realization of the Microcontroller is done with "TinkerCad".